well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about the load carriers those people in
history who literally or figuratively
carried the load and brought history to
its conclusion gave us the stories we
know those people more often than not
are common people and are not recognized
not at the time unless it benefits the
powers that be and normally not later
instead we recognize leaders big names
Harry Truman Ronald Reagan George Bush
Gerald Ford John F Kennedy all these
people have something in common and it's
not that they were presidents we can add
another name to this list now Doris
Miller a guy named Doris Miller he gets
to join those names and something that
was pretty shocking to pretty much
everybody so a little bit about Dory
which is what he went by when his
friends knew him as on December 7th a
date which will live in infamy the
Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor he was a
cook he just got finished serving
breakfast and it all broke loose so he
went to the area of the ship that is
where all the corridors meet up commonly
referred to as Times Square and let it
be known that he was available for duty
he was asked to carry the captain who
had been wounded when he was done with
that asked him to carry ammunition up to
the anti-aircraft guns when he gets up
there there's somebody who knows what
they're doing and he's explaining to
Dori how to load it just warning this
cook who knows nothing to load the
weapon for him so he can continue
fighting
apparently he tells him how to do it it
turns away and when he turns back
dori has a nearby anti-aircraft gun up
and running engaging the enemy when he
runs out of ammo he decides you know
he's already been a cook that day and
anti-aircraft he's gonna be a nurse now
goes down and starts moving wounded
pulling him out of rooms that are
filling with water oil carrying them
through smoke-filled rooms as metal just
falls down around him saves lives
undoubtedly the ship went down he
survived and he was recognized at the
time he was transferred to the
Indianapolis but he was pulled from that
to go on a war bond tour recognized but
serving those empowered
he went around recruiting now he he
serves out a few years on the
Indianapolis and then he gets
transferred to another ship and I can't
remember the name of it but it goes down
Japanese torpedo got it he did not
survive his parents got word of his
death two years later on December 7th
1943 two years to the day of Pearl
Harbor so he is now a part of that list
because that list is people who have had
an aircraft carriers named after him
it's a huge deal huge deal
generally aircraft carriers are named
after presidents or federal lawmakers
who were in office he just an
immeasurable amount of time the last
time it wasn't a president was John C
Stennis who sat on the Appropriations
Committee determined how much money the
Navy got that might have had something
to do with him getting his name on a
boat but
the funny part about this is that
Stennis was a huge segregationist they
put his name on a carrier the worst
Miller's black I like that it shows that
even institutions as reluctant to change
as the Navy things are changing now to
those outside the military community who
may not understand set aside the fact
that he's black for a second naming an
aircraft carrier after an enlisted
person that's a huge deal in and of
itself it just doesn't happen
addressing the race issue this is the
first time a black person has ever had a
carrier named after it's a big deal this
is a big deal on a whole bunch of
different levels and understand that
when the navy deploys they deploy
typically in things called carrier
groups so there will be other ships
assigned to the Doris Miller it's I mean
it's huge this is a huge deal and it's I
just think it's worth noting that even
with everything going on there are still
signs of progress signs of hope this is
something that even 25 years ago 25
years ago they were naming a carrier
after a segregationist
and today they're naming one after an
enlisted black guy it's cool development
anyway it's just a fault y'all have a
good night